# ESA-lestoidea
this is the repository for the ESA Lestoidea cybercatalogue

For most species on earth, the primary taxonomic literature contains nearly everything that is known about it. Every described species on earth is the subject of one or more taxonomic treatments. In the past, we have demonstrated the use of semantic enhancement to extract treatments from taxonomic literature and make them available to a network of databases. We use GoldenGATE software to read and interpret taxonomic literature. Individual treatments are parsed out of journal articles and deposited in TreatmentBank. Among the routine parsing and data sharing activities, images cited in treatments are deposited in the Biodiversity Literature Repository (BLR), and occurrence records are shared with the Global Biodiversity Information Facility (GBIF). In the semantically enhanced treatments, treatment citations are linked to the content they cite, and specimen citations are linked to their occurrence on public facing collections databases (where available). We resolved to semantically enhance all taxonomic treatments on Lestoidea, a morphologically well-defined group of damselflies comprising four families and about 200 species. Our objective was to make these treatments and associated data available for the broad range of stake holders who might have an interest in these animals, including professional biologists, the curious public, and science communications personnel. The Naturalis Biodiversity Center is an important repository for specimens of this group, although not all are currently included in its collection database. So specimen records cited in the literature but not found in collections databases like the Naturalis Bioportal will be made available to institutions. We also generate a taxonomic catalog based on treatment citations, and compare the results to catalogs compiled by taxon specialists. 
